skills of the trade

Software Experience
  Google Docs
  Bill.com
  Confluence
  Expensify
  Marketo
  Zendesk
  Zen Payroll
  Adobe InDesign
  QuickBooks
  Adobe Dreamweaver.

Experience in actions
  Database Queries
  Oversee maintenance agreements/contracts
  Organize office operations and procedures
  Manage third-party vendor relationships: sourcing, negotiating, and maintaining
  Review and facilitate supply requisitions and inventory purchases
  Oversee maintenance agreements/contracts
  Achieve financial goals by maintaining annual budget
  troubleshoot daily operational issues
  Facilities Management
  Project planning and management

Buzz words to include
  streamlining
  scalability

Classes to add to my Repertoire
  Computer Science
  Economics/Econometrics
  HCI/UX Design

Toastmasters International


Manage daily operations including fielding inquiries, enrolling students, and collecting tuition.
Track income and make bank deposits.
Maintain database of parents and donors, oversee the maintenance of all agency files and records.
Supervise and evaluate teachers and volunteers. Hire new staff as needed.
Facilitate staff meetings and respond to emerging issues at the Center.
Review timesheets and coordinate payroll.
Produce three print newsletters per year, monthly e-newsletters, and program flyers. Maintain the Art Center website.
Work with Programs/Marketing Committee in PR efforts such as developing and submitting press releases, maintain social media presence, and submit to a list of online calendar listings.
Manage accounting in QuickBooks and work with the Executive Committee to maintain fiscal accountability.
Work with the Fundraising Committee on the Annual Appeal and other fundraising efforts.
Report to the Board and represent the staff at meetings of the Board of Directors.
Represent the Art Center at community events.
Oversee management and maintenance of the facility including ordering office and art supplies and updating signage.
May occasionally need to assist teacher in the classroom.
